h1. "Salish":https://sali.sh.  Less is more.

h4.  Status: Closed Beta.  

h3.  Concept

h4. A social network that won't waste your time.

h5. Principle: Limit quantity to increase quality. Share less, say more.

* Join a tribe or start your own.
* Post through out the week (as little or as much as you want).
* Pick your favorite post to share at the weekly circle. Your most recent post is chosen by default.  
* Salish will email you a private link to your tribes' weekly circle.
* Interact at the circle with comments and markup.

h3. Deployment:

* Heroku cedar stack. "More":https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/cedar.  
* 100% SSL encrypted with Heroku SSL Endpoint. "More":https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/ssl-endpoint.
* All application traffic routed through subdomain-based hostnames. "More":https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/avoiding-naked-domains-dns-arecords.
* Multithreading supported by a "Redis":http://redis.io/ instance.
* Git version control.

h3. Under the hood:

* "Sidekiq":https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq background processing.  Handles multiple jobs concurrently using threads instead of processes for increased efficiency.
* "Sinatra":https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra based web monitor for Sidekiq workers.
* "PostgreSQL":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PostgreSQL object-relational database.
* "Carrierwave":https://github.com/jnicklas/carrierwave and "Fog":https://github.com/fog/fog cloud storage on Amazon S3 servers.
* "Devise":https://github.com/plataformatec/devise user authentication.
* "Twitter Bootstrap":http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/ front-end framework for CSS styling with added "SASS":http://sass-lang.com/ functionality.  
* "RMagick":https://github.com/rmagick/rmagick image processing.  


h4.  Known bugs/issues
* Background job for confirmation emails should be set to retry => false.  
 
testing 234